So with the address fetched let's continue with the next step which is fetching a preview of the location
we fetched.
So instead of subscribing here to get address I actually want to send no HDP request and therefore will
add another observable and hence I will add pipe here to then use to switch map operator which allows
us to take the result of observable one and return a new observable so here will get the address of
course in it and in here I then want to call a number a method that actually yields me that screenshot
that preview lets first of all store the address and a general will need some location object that stores
de coordinates the address and then also a link to that snapshot image which will get in yen and I guess
for this it makes sense to add a new model to our application.
I'll added here in the places folder because logically a location belongs to a place and I will add
edit here next to the place model and I'll name it location model and I'll export an interface here
which I'll actually name coordinates first of all that will just be a pair of lat and LNG both our numbers
but then I'll add another interface in here which I'll name place location.
You could of course also just name it location but I don't when I clash with the built in location that
is a core web API.
And that will actually extend coordinates and interfaces and types can extend our interfaces which simply
means they rely on these properties and then you can add your own ones and there I will have address
which is a string and d static map image you or L or whatever you want to name it which is also string
and that will be the path to that image we're about to generate.
So place location will have both coordinates and these extra fields and with all that added.
Let's go back to the location picture here and let's create a new object up here.
Once we dismiss the model which I'll name picked location and.
That will be of type place location.
So make sure to add that import to that place location file
or to the location model file I should say which we just added with the place location and then this
will be a javascript object therefore.
And in this object we obviously have a latitude which we get from our modal data right.
Because dad returns us a lot and a long field so we can add lat and long here modal data data LNG will
have an address which initially is now and we'll have a static map image your l which initially is also
now now here where we fetched the address we can use that picked location object again does one and
set the address to the address we fetched.
So did we now have coordinates and an address and then we can continue with the next step where I want
to send a request to actually fetch that static image you are L as well for that for it is fetching
off that image you are all aware of that image that gives us a preview of what we picked.
I will add a new method here which I'll name get map image.
But you can of course named us as you want and this also needs latitude which is a number and a long
etude which is a number and also assume level which is a number because we're generating a screenshot
of Google Maps basically and you need to know how far you are assumed in of course.
And then we use a number API which you can learn more about by googling for it.
And that is de static map API.
So if you google for a Google static map API you'll find that documentation here where you can learn
all about that and where do you most importantly learn how to send the request.
So let's copy that.
You are L here.
Ed let's Denver return this string simply between double takes.
We're not even sending an HDP request here because this is actually a string that will yield an image
which is dynamically generated on Google servers and we can directly use that as a source for our images
in our application.
We don't need to send the request there because we're not expecting any Jason data.
This will return the image already but of course we need to adjust this.
So for example here center that will not be an address like this.
Instead center it can also be a latitude and longitude pair.
So here I will pass in left and then you should add a comma and also pass an LNG there after the some
level.
All that will be set by me of course and I will set this to soon.
So my first argument now for it is size you cannot set up any size you want all go with 500 by 300 here
map type road map should be okay.
I want to have that default map.
And now you can add markers that exist on that map.
Now I don't want that many markers so I will remove all but one year one marker is good though.
It should be red so I'll pick red here.
And again you'll learn all about that in your official docs of course the label.
I will said here is place and then here you have again the coordinates for that marker.
The first coordinate here is lat and that should be my center so I will use lat which I get here as
an argument to this method and then LNG.
Now of course here for the API key we again need to inject our API key so we'll get this from environment.
Google Maps API key and this is now a string that should yield an image.
Now remember this is not an observable.
This is just a string switch map needs and observable though.
So what I will do is I will return off and off is imported from our extra yes.
It creates an observable that can be wrapped around any value which is instantly emitted.
So off this get map image and there we word picked location let picked location long and assume level
of 14 let's say cause you can play around with that and test different some levels.
Now the next step will be to subscribe again.
So on this entire observable here we can subscribe and we'll get back that static map image you're all
here because that is the last thing I resolve their and I'll then set picked location static map image
you are all equal to the static map image you're all that was generated here.
And we're good now.